website/content/docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: Text splitting for animations — without the jank.
---

import { FettaDefinition } from "../../app/components/fetta-definition";

# Introduction

Text splitting for animations — without the jank.

<FettaDefinition />

## Why Fetta?

Text splitting sounds simple: wrap each character in a span. But fonts have kerning — subtle spacing adjustments that make text look right — and most libraries destroy it. Characters shift, typography breaks.

Fetta preserves original character positions, so your text looks exactly the same after splitting. Just animatable.

{/* Video or GIF comparison here */}

## Features

- **Kerning Compensation** — Maintains original character spacing after splitting
- **Nested Elements** — Preserves `<a>`, `<em>`, `<strong>` and other inline elements with all attributes
- **Auto-Revert** — Restore original HTML after animations
- **Line Detection** — Automatically groups words into lines
- **Responsive AutoSplit** — Re-splits on container resize
- **Built-in InView** — Viewport detection with `inView`, `onInView`, `onLeaveView`
- **Emoji Support** — Properly handles compound emojis and complex Unicode characters
- **Accessible** — Adds `aria-label` with original text for screen readers
- **TypeScript** — Full type definitions included
- **Framework Agnostic** — Works with vanilla JS, React, and any animation library

## Quick Example

```tsx title="App.tsx"
import { SplitText } from 'fetta/react';
import { animate, stagger } from 'motion';

<SplitText
  onSplit={({ chars }) => {
    animate(chars, { opacity: [0, 1] }, { delay: stagger(0.02) });
  }}
>
  <h1>Hello world</h1>
</SplitText>
```

Commit message:

Refactor inView options and improve SplitText functionality. Removed deprecated useInView hook, updated IntersectionObserver thresholds for better visibility detection, and added Safari kerning workaround. Enhanced documentation with examples for new options and clarified kerning compensation details.

website/content/docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: Text splitting for animations — without the jank.
---

import { FettaDefinition } from "../../app/components/fetta-definition";

# Introduction

Text splitting for animations — without the jank.

<FettaDefinition />

## Why Fetta?

Text splitting sounds simple: wrap each character in a span. But fonts have kerning — subtle spacing adjustments that make text look right — and most libraries destroy it. Characters shift, typography breaks.

Fetta preserves original character positions, so your text looks exactly the same after splitting. Just animatable.

{/* Video or GIF comparison here */}

## Features

- **Kerning Compensation** — Maintains original character spacing when splitting by chars
- **Nested Elements** — Preserves `<a>`, `<em>`, `<strong>` and other inline elements with all attributes
- **Auto-Revert** — Restore original HTML after animations
- **Line Detection** — Automatically groups words into lines
- **Responsive AutoSplit** — Re-splits on container resize
- **Built-in InView** — Viewport detection with `inView`, `onInView`, `onLeaveView`
- **Emoji Support** — Properly handles compound emojis and complex Unicode characters
- **Accessible** — Adds `aria-label` with original text for screen readers
- **TypeScript** — Full type definitions included
- **Framework Agnostic** — Works with vanilla JS, React, and any animation library

## Browser Notes

**Safari**: Kerning compensation is not available in Safari due to its Range API returning integer values instead of sub-pixel precision. When using `revertOnComplete` with char splitting, font kerning is automatically disabled to prevent visual shift on revert.

## Quick Example

```tsx title="App.tsx"
import { SplitText } from 'fetta/react';
import { animate, stagger } from 'motion';

<SplitText
  onSplit={({ chars }) => {
    animate(chars, { opacity: [0, 1] }, { delay: stagger(0.02) });
  }}
>
  <h1>Hello world</h1>
</SplitText>
```
